That place is said to be
teeming with snakes.
with the most terrifying one
being called Crimson Anaconda.
It's a demon summoned from hell
by cannibals.
It's the largest and most ferocious
man-eating anaconda in the world.
The place has been cursed.
Why are you going to that goddamned place?
This journey isn't easy.
When we get this done.
forget the 70/30 split.
I want at least 50% of the profit.
Besides me. you won't find
other guides willing to come here.
But what you're offering
is only enough for a one-way trip.
You must give me some more money
for the trip back.
Is that enough?
I hate being ripped off.
You're right.
The price stays the same.
It's the pheromone of a female python.
This scent can drive male anacondas crazy.
A mature female anaconda can mate
with over a dozen
male anacondas simultaneously.
That's slutty.
Crimson Anaconda.
So the legend is real.
There's something underneath.
There are so many of them.
It's worth the trip.
We're going to be rich!
- We're going to be rich!
- Hurry up!
Catch as many of them as you can!
Saying something like
I'll love you
For eternity
Saying something like
Holy shit.
Thai guy.
Thai guy!
Help me.
Listen to the sound
of your bones being crushed.
Enjoy your meal.
After that.
you can get a good sleep.
Crimson Anaconda.
Ladies and gentlemen.
the crazy show is about to begin!
Let's give a nice warm welcome
to a highly intelligent guest
from Malaysia. a bear.
It has the mental ability
of a ten-year-old child
and can do various difficult moves.
- It's trying to escape!
- Well...
The same old trick again!
It won't be served dinner tonight.
A man as strong as Heracles!
It freaked me out.
Let's welcome our beautiful
and skilled dart-thrower. Ali.
who holds a beautiful title.
the Money Shot.
For the big finale.
we have the most riveting show
of "Escape from the Water Dungeon".
Let's give our warmest welcome
to the escape artist
who embodies both beauty and intelligence.
Gong Lanlan!
She has to escape from these handcuffs
within the time limit.
If she fails. she will suffocate!
There is a snake over there!
Why is there a snake there?
Come on. drive it away!
The snake fell into it.
It's too dangerous!
Help her!
Save her!
She won't make it.
Hey.
What's going on?
That brings us
to the end of tonight's show.
Thank you for watching!
Thank you!
You liar!
You've been fooling us.
None of these is real.
This bear is a dog!
Who are you calling a dog?
- You and your whole family are dogs!
- Come on.
Gentleman. My apologies.
There must be some mistake.
She is so covered up.
and you call that a naked escape?
Hey!
- Let go of me!
- Gong Lanlan. stop that!
Do you want to be fired?
My contract has expired.
Today is my final performance.
I no longer need
to tolerate people like him.
You bunch of charlatans.
- how dare you be so arrogant?
- That's right.
Do you think it's okay
to fool the audience?
- Give our money back.
- Take off your clothes
or give our money back.
- Refund!
You'll get the refund!
I don't want your money!
What are you talking about?
I still want to get paid.
She doesn't want to make money.
but we still do.
Happy now?
That's right.
Now. let me tell you
if her boobs are real.
- All right!
- Okay!
Hey!
Do you have any idea
how much money
I lost tonight because of you?
We all worked for nothing tonight.
You asked for it.
Do you honestly think you're a superstar?
People only bought the tickets
for your sexy body.
Why are you staring at me?
You two losers.
I'm going to dock your pay
for our losses tonight.
That's okay. as long as you pay us first.
Yes. pay us first!
With performances like yours. you're lucky
I'm not asking for money from you.
I've long been fed up with this job.
Sawadee ka.
Guys.
long time no see.
Who are you?
Baliang?
Nice doing business with you. Mr. Song.
You're the real boss now.
Thank you. Mr. Jin!
Guys. adieu.
Baliang.
it seems you've been doing well
in the past two years.
Since you left. I've been
playing the role of a beast all alone.
Watch it.
Baliang.
now that you've become rich.
will you look after me?
Of course I will.
I'm back
because I want us to make money together.
And you guys
will be the next international superstars.
It sounds like
you're taking us to America.
America is the destination.
But our first stop
- will be Thailand.
- Thailand?
Baliang. I'll be counting on you then.
No problem.
We're on board.
Lan. we're waiting for your decision.
Jimmy. let's go.
Lan!
Look at her.
she's the same old Lan.
I've been with the circus
for over a decade.
Lan always took care of us.
She has quit the team.
How can we make it without her?
She's not the only woman on the team.
Stop standing there.
Help me with the luggage.
Let's go.
Sawadee ka. captain.
Baliang.
I'm a bad sailor.
Well.
I'm good with hot bad sailors.
You're so bad.
Mr. Zhang!
Have you worked out the auspicious time?
You're standing so high up there.
Mr. Jin.
the auspicious moment has arrived.
We can set sail now.
Hold on.
We're waiting for someone.
Lan!
She turns out to be a pretentious bitch.
Jimmy is here too.
Hi. Lan.
I knew you'd come.
Don't forget what you promised me.
I'll only perform with you for one show.
After that. their contracts
with you are null and void.
Money settled. No debts between anyone.
You have my word.
Lan. I'll give you a performance
unprecedented. incomparable.
and unmatched in history!
Sawadee ka.
Come on.
I can speak Chinese.
Hello.
how long does it take to get there?
Three days if everything goes well.
But it never goes well.
What do you mean?
I'm speaking literally.
Sawadee ka.
Hey. big bro. it's me.
No problem.
It will be a punctual delivery.
What did you say?
I have bad reception.
My new phone.
Holy shit.
I hate to see such a beautiful body
go to waste.
Snake!
There's a snake!
Lucky you.
This one is not poisonous.
So it's not poisonous.
Glad it didn't hit a vital spot.
How dare you cause trouble on my turf?
I'll crush you.
This isn't your turf.
It's theirs.
Go away.
Baliang!
That must have hurt.
You bet. I might have been poisoned.
Would you like to give me a body check?
Hold on. Baliang.
You promised to make me
the leading figure of the circus.
What is she doing here?
Don't worry.
I'll make you the leading figure
sooner or later.
Zombie!
I forgot to introduce him to you.
This is the recently unearthed
thousand-year-old zombie
portrayed by my cousin.
Cousin. how do you like my performance?
Good.
Cousin?
He's your cousin?
Within the four seas. we're all cousins.
We're all relatives to each other.
- What's so strange about that?
- Exactly!
A Chinese Taoist
versus a thousand-year-old zombie.
that will be a spectacle
to lure foreigners in.
Hey. what are you doing here
in the middle of the night?
My cousin said zombies sleep standing up.
So I wanted to practice.
I was actually asleep.
then they suddenly came in.
They came in for a body check.
Hey. Ali!
I'm still waiting for that body check.
It seems to have come down from upstream.
Can we take a detour?
Yes. but it will cost us a few more days.
No. we can't afford to waste even a day.
The seller can't wait.
I mean.
the investor can't wait.
I've already arranged the venue and stage.
If we delay for a day.
the whole plan will be ruined.
You must work it out.
or I won't give you a single penny.
There is a way.
Are you sure you can handle it?
I used to blow up mountains.
You can count on me.
Cousin!
- Cousin!
- Help!
Help!
Don't come over here!
Snakes!
Help!
Bro. I'm so grateful to you.
You saved my life.
As a matter of fact.
you saved me.
Who are you?
You can call me Jeff.
I had some accidents a few days ago.
Thankfully. these coffins saved my life.
Hey. Dajiao!
Dajiao!
Dajiao. are you all right?
There is something in Dajiao's ear!
Let me take a look at it.
Little guy.
you're so small.
yet so bloodthirsty.
How come you know how to deal with it?
As a wilderness explorer.
I've picked up some survival skills.
You never know
what the future holds for you.
Jeff. you're awesome.
He is no wilderness explorer to me.
He's lying.
What are you talking about?
That was a poisonous snake.
That's nonsense.
Do you know how many times a person
needs to be bitten by a venomous snake
to develop immunity?
You came to me just for this?
You really disappoint me.
Just find a safe place
and let him get off the boat.
Hey.
Lan.
Wait a moment.
This fishing rod is too thin
to catch anything good.
Just cut the crap.
Where to?
Here.
I'll triple the offer.
One more word out of you.
and you'll be thrown out of the boat.
This place is cursed.
not even blessed by the Four-Faced Buddha.
It's not a place for poachers like you
to approach.
You've been in a second-rate circus
and passed around for so many years.
have you ever wondered why?
In today's society.
only the smart ones survive.
Look at Ali.
she understands this well.
You're so disgusting.
Have you no shame?
Why are you looking at me like that?
Listen.
I'm not that beast-playing guy
I used to be. Now I'm...
That's right.
After playing a beast for so many years.
you've become one yourself.
So disgusting.
Hey.
Captain!
Did you see our captain?
Captain?
Isn't he in the cockpit?
Anything can happen
in a rainforest.
It's normal to have
one or two people missing.
What is that old guy doing?
He should be driving the boat now.
He knows we're in a hurry.
The captain is missing.
He is nowhere to be found.
He's missing?
Lan.
what's that sound?
It freaks me out.
Something big is coming.
Something big is on the hook!
What are you doing?
Don't you bring trouble to all of us!
Let go of it. or we'll all be in danger!
Either you lend me a hand
or stay away from me!
It escaped again.
Good morning.
What's going on here?
By the way. last night the patron saint
appeared in my dream and warned me
that today isn't a good day for fishing.
As far as I know.
the captain loves fishing.
We should remind him.
Did you see him?
What's the matter?
Do I have bad breath?
No.
The captain!
What's up. cousin?
Come on.
Lan.
Lan. go.
Lan!
Jimmy.
Cousin. let's jump.
Lan!
Lan. go!
The boat is going to explode!
Lan!
Shit.
The boat is ruined.
We can't make it in time.
We can't make it in time?
You're not seriously thinking
about the show right now.
Nothing matters more than life!
That thing is a cannibal.
It ate the captain!
Cousin. how can a worm grow so big?
What worm?
That's a huge snake.
It's a millennia-old snake.
It's a monster.
You used our boat for bait.
which almost got us all killed!
I didn't want any of this.
If you cooperated with me earlier.
maybe we'd all be rich by now.
Do you know how much
that big guy is worth?
You shameless poacher.
Come on.
what's the point
of having this argument now?
The priority is figuring out
how to leave this place.
Actually. I have a plan.
We're here. and my boat is here.
If everything goes smoothly.
in less than two days.
I'll get you back to the port
safe and sound.
I'm so grateful to you.
You helped me once.
I'll repay your kindness. Don't worry.
We're not going with you.
I don't trust you.
What should we do then?
Stay here and wait for death?
He will be the death of you.
We need to figure this out ourselves.
We should contact the rescue team.
Look at me and tell me
you have nothing to do
with the captain's death.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's up to you who you believe.
I trust Jeff.
He saved me once.
Guys. let's go with Jeff.
I'll go with Lan.
Ali. come with me.
What's the matter?
What is it?
She has been stung by toxic bees.
which carry a large amount of bacteria.
If she doesn't receive antibiotics
within 48 hours.
she may never walk out of here alive.
Does that mean I'll die here?
Believe it or not.
I have antibiotics on my boat.
Look.
If you're infected.
you'll be like these mantises.
desperately searching for water
and end up drowning in it.
We'll be having this for lunch.
He is eating it raw.
He is like a wild man.
Isn't he afraid of getting infected?
The smell of food
might attract other predators.
You'd better eat quickly.
You seem to be enjoying it a lot.
I'm not hungry.
Help yourself.
All right.
Jeff. this one is cooked. Have one.
Give it a try.
It tastes really good.
You're a gourmet.
Lan!
Lan. help me!
Jeff. wait for me.
Cousin. we should get going.
Why are you standing there?
- Why are you standing there? Let's go.
- Cousin.
Hunters have been here before.
We'll spend the night here.
Spend the night here?
Won't there be snakes?
Snake repellent has been
scattered around here.
so it's safe for now.
But once we're out of this area.
it's hard to say.
Get some rest.
You don't even believe him.
What made you decide to come along?
I regret it. a lot.
You don't want to mess with me right now.
or I'll leave you here.
I grew up in the circus.
I had much darker days than this.
Have something sweet.
It will make you feel less sad.
My little brother used to love chocolates.
But he hasn't had any since he got sick.
I'm not afraid of hardship.
I will make a lot of money
and cure him.
Get some rest after eating the chocolate.
Crimson Anaconda.
so the legend is real.
Jeff.
that's your target. right?
The reticulated python
is the largest
and most expensive wild python
in the world.
The mutated variety with red spots.
there is only one of its kind
in the entire world.
If we catch this beauty.
we'd have enough money
to last several lifetimes.
Jeff. count me in.
This snake is nothing ordinary.
It sits at the top of the food chain
in this rainforest.
It won't even spare its own kind.
Do you have the guts for this?
Jeff. speaking of cruelty.
I have something in common
with this anaconda.
Actually. these people
are my merchandise.
Tell me. is there anything
I wouldn't dare to do?
Help!
Cousin!
- What are you doing here?
- Water.
Listen. it's dangerous here.
Come back with me.
- Hey.
- It's water.
The water here is undrinkable.
Water.
There are monsters in the water!
Stop drinking it.
Come back with me.
Hey.
Listen to me. We should go now!
If you're infected.
you'll be like these mantises.
desperately searching for water
and end up drowning in it.
Cousin. what am I doing here?
Snake!
Come over here!
There is a snake!
Cousin!
It seems we have to get there by water.
By water?
That will be too dangerous.
Or we can take a two-day detour.
It's up to you.
Namo Amitabha.
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Bodhi Svaha.
Namo Amitabha.
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Bodhi Svaha.
Namo Amitabha.
Buddha Shakyamuni...
Stay put.
Namo Amitabha.
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Bodhi Svaha.
Namo Amitabha.
Buddha Shakyamuni.
Bodhi Svaha.
Help!
Lan. come back here!
Lan. go!
Lan!
Did you hear the bones crushing?
It's so cruel.
Don't we humans
do the same thing when we eat?
Hey. there is a boat over there!
We can use it to sail home!
We've found a boat!
Let's get on the boat and sail home.
Hold on.
I kept my promise.
In return.
I want you guys to do me a favor.
If what you want is that thing.
we won't help you.
Well. then...
Just do yourself a favor
and do as Jeff asked.
Jin Baliang. are you crazy?
That is no ordinary anaconda.
You're right.
It doesn't even have a weakness.
Except...
when it's eating.
Jin Baliang. are you crazy?
If you kill us. who will perform for you?
Come on.
Are you still thinking about the show?
Haven't you learned anything from years
of playing an intelligent bear?
Then why did you spend
so much money hiring us?
That money is nothing
compared to your bodies.
You see. hearts.
livers.
spleens. lungs. and kidneys
are much more expensive
when sold separately.
Sold separately?
You want to sell our organs?
Goodness.
seems like even you have become smarter.
But there is a change in the plan.
The creature we're going to capture
is worth more than you guys!
Jin Baliang. you asshole!
It's no use.
That jerk used to work in the circus.
It's a fast knot.
Jeff. everything is ready.
We're just waiting for it
to take the bait.
Gosh. thanks. Jeff.
Jeff. I'll keep watch.
I heard you were sold
to the circus at a young age.
What happens if an animal
in the circus misbehaves?
Jeff!
In the circus. if an animal misbehaves.
we'll simply replace it.
Unlike her.
there is nothing I wouldn't do
in order to survive.
What's so good about snakes?
Why do you like them so much?
Am I not attractive
to you?
In your next life.
remember to make sure the safety is off.
Go.
Lan!
There he is!
Ali.
Don't worry.
We'll leave this place soon.
Come on.
you're a lousy liar.
I miss my little brother so much.
If he asks you about me.
just tell him
that I'm doing well.
living the life
of a wealthy. famous star.
Ali!
How is it going?
It still won't work.
You asshole!
I curse you!
I'm taking you down with me!
Lan.
Jia Peng.
Go away!
Just go away!
Lan.
Hide yourselves.
Lan!
Jimmy.
Jimmy!
- Jimmy!
- Lan!
Jimmy!
Lan! Go!